Updates cloud endpoint forwarding guide (#1108)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/guides/other-guides/forwarding-and-load-balancing-with-cloud-endpoints.mdx

## Prerequisites

To follow this guide, you will need a computer with `ngrok` installed. [You can download ngrok here.](https://download.ngrok.com).

## **Step 1** — Reserve a domain

Visit https://dashboard.ngrok.com/domains and reserve a domain. This will be how your end users access your endpoint in the browser.

## **Step 2** — Create a public cloud endpoint

> Once you've reserved a domain, visit https://dashboard.ngrok.com/endpoints to create a public endpoint linked to that domain

Reviewer: Come to think of it, maybe we should combine these two steps into one called "Reserve a domain and a cloud endpoint" since they're very simple. It could look like this:

```
## **Step 1** – Reserve a domain and create a cloud endpoint

You can complete these steps in the ngrok dashboard.

1. [Reserve a domain](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/domains). This will allow your end users access your endpoint in the browser.
2. [Create a public endpoint](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/endpoints) linked to your reserved domain.
```

Could be nice to add a sentence to the end of the 2nd item explaining the point of creating a public endpoint

## **Step 3** — Create a Traffic Policy for your cloud endpoint

> Cloud endpoints require a traffic policy so they know how to handle incoming traffic. This guide will showcase one of the simplest and most common use cases: forwarding traffic to a private endpoint via the `forward-internal` action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud endpoints require [traffic policies](/traffic-policy/) to manage incoming traffic. The following is an example of a traffic policy that forwards traffic to a private endpoint via the [`forward-internal`](/traffic-policy/actions/forward-internal/) action.
```
Simplification

	}}
/>

## **Step 4** — Start an agent session

> At this point, you have a public endpoint with a domain and a traffic policy routing to the URL we defined in our traffic policy above, `https://the-internal-endpoint.internal`. But that URL doesn't exist on the public internet; we need to start an agent session so that requests to our public endpoint will be routed to our internal endpoint, served by the ngrok agent. So, locally, start an agent session with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to accept requests routed to your internal endpoint, you must start an ngrok agent locally on the machine or resource you want to use with the following command.
```
I heavily simplified this, but let me know if I've made it inaccurate. I appreciate that the wording was deliberate to make what's happening clearer, but I personally found it harder to process than a more streamlined explanation

`ngrok http 80 --url=https://the-internal-endpoint.internal`

Make sure you have some sample application running on port 80.

> ## **Step 5** — See your endpoint in action

Reviewer: I would make this a separate section called "Load balancing internal endpoints". It's not really a step in the guide, as the user is already done. Also, the previous step is already labeled Step 5

Visit the public endpoint you created in Step 1 and see that you're routed to whatever application your ngrok agent is serving.

## **Step 5** — Load Balancing with Endpoint Pools

:::warning

Endpoint pools are currently in private beta. The functionality described below is not yet publicly available.

:::

Load balancing is simple with ngrok Endpoint Pools. Simply start another agent with the same internal endpoint URL,
and the traffic will be automatically load balanced between the two agents in the pool!

```bash
ngrok http 80 --url=https://the-internal-endpoint.internal
```

## Conclusion

> And you're done! You've successfully created a cloud endpoint that can be accessed from the URL you reserved. The cloud endpoint will refer to its traffic policy and forward traffic to our internal endpoint. The internal endpoint finally exposes the local port on which it was created on in Step 1.

Reviewer: I personally think we should cut this section, as it's just repitition
